Bill and Ben our Tank Engine twins each
has four wheels of tiny chimney and dome
and a small squat cab
their freight cars are filled with China
clay it is needed for pottery paper
paint and many other things
the twins are now kept busy pulling the
cars four engines on the main line and
four ships in the harbor
one morning they arranged some cars and
went away for more turn to find them all
God
the twins were most surprised their
drivers examined a patch of oil that's
diesel they said it's a waddle ask bill
a diseased 'el I think replied then
there's a notice about them in our shed
coughs and sneezes spread diseases you
had a coffin your smoke box yesterday
it's your fault the disease all came it
isn't it is stop arguing you two laughed
there drivers let's go and rescue our
freight cars bill and ben were horrified
but the disease Oh we'll magic us away
like the freight cars
he won't magic us replied their drivers
will more likely magic him listen he
doesn't know you're twins
so we'll take away your names and
numbers and then this is what we'll do
puffing hard the twins set off on their
journey to find the diesel
they were looking forward to playing
tricks on creeping into the yard
they found the diesel on a siding with
the missing cars then hid behind but
bill went boldly alongside
the diesel looked up do you mind
yes said Ville I do I want my cars back
these are mine said the diesel go away
bill pretended not to be frightened
you're a big bully he whimpered you'll
be sorry
he ran back and hid behind the cars on
the other side Ben now came forward cars
dealer hissed Ben
he ran away too bill took his place
this went on and on so the diesels eyes
nearly popped out stop you're making me
giddy the two engines gazed at him are
there two of you yes we're twins I might
have known it just then Edward puzzled
up Bill and Ben why are you playing here
we're not playing protested bill we're
rescuing our cars squeaked men even you
don't take our cars without asking but
this disease will did there's no cause
to be rude said Edward severely this
engine is a Metropolitan Vickers diesel
electric type tool
the twins were most impressed we're
sorry mr. never mind the diesel smiled
call me vocal I'm sorry I didn't
understand about the cars that's all
right then said Edward now off you go
Bill and Ben fetch boko's cars then you
take this lock there's no real harm in
them he said - boqo but they're
maddening at times
Boco chuckled maddening he said is the
word
you